docs: document avs structure (#153)
Layr-Labs/incredible-squaring-avs: README.md

		...
	}
}
```

The upper three cases are handling error cases, the fourth one is the one which pops from the channel subscribed to new task creation events, and handles the response logic:

```go
o.metrics.IncNumTasksReceived()
taskResponse := o.ProcessNewTaskCreatedLog(newTaskCreatedLog)
signedTaskResponse, err := o.SignTaskResponse(taskResponse)
if err != nil {
	continue
}
go o.aggregatorRpcClient.SendSignedTaskResponseToAggregator(signedTaskResponse)
```

The [`ProcessNewTaskCreatedLog` method](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/incredible-squaring-avs/blob/f8c379b151d8db778a12a5de1ba0266436d85366/operator/operator.go#L368-L394) generates the response to the new task:

```go
func (o *Operator) ProcessNewTaskCreatedLog(
	newTaskCreatedLog *cstaskmanager.ContractIncredibleSquaringTaskManagerNewTaskCreated,
) *cstaskmanager.IIncredibleSquaringTaskManagerTaskResponse {
	...
	numberSquared := big.NewInt(0).Exp(newTaskCreatedLog.Task.NumberToBeSquared, big.NewInt(2), nil)

	...
	taskResponse := &cstaskmanager.IIncredibleSquaringTaskManagerTaskResponse{
		ReferenceTaskIndex: newTaskCreatedLog.TaskIndex,
		NumberSquared:      numberSquared,
	}
	return taskResponse
}
```

> Here is the response calculation logic, and it would be the place to change if wanted to respond, for example, the cubed number instead. Note that the Response struct includes the number square because is parte of the Task Manager, that should be modified too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is the response calculation logic, and it would be the place to change if you wanted to compute, for example, the cubed number instead. Note that the `Response` struct includes the number square because it's part of the `TaskManager` contract bindings, which should be modified too.
```

> After the ProcessNewTaskCreatedLog function, that response is signed (in [SignTaskResponse](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/incredible-squaring-avs/blob/f8c379b151d8db778a12a5de1ba0266436d85366/operator/operator.go#L396-L416)), and sent to the bls aggregation service in the goroutine executing the [`SendSignedTaskResponseToAggregator()` method](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/incredible-squaring-avs/blob/f8c379b151d8db778a12a5de1ba0266436d85366/operator/rpc_client.go#L52). That function makes a call to the `ProcessSignedTaskResponse` method of aggregator (through rpc), that redirects the signed response to the bls aggregation service.

Reviewer: Let's capitalize BLS.

```suggestion
After the ProcessNewTaskCreatedLog function, that response is signed (in [SignTaskResponse](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/incredible-squaring-avs/blob/f8c379b151d8db778a12a5de1ba0266436d85366/operator/operator.go#L396-L416)), and sent to the BLS aggregation service in the goroutine executing the [`SendSignedTaskResponseToAggregator()` method](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/incredible-squaring-avs/blob/f8c379b151d8db778a12a5de1ba0266436d85366/operator/rpc_client.go#L52). That function makes a call to the `ProcessSignedTaskResponse` method of aggregator (through rpc), that redirects the signed response to the bls aggregation service.
```

Author: Done in [08604a7](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/incredible-squaring-avs/pull/153/commits/08604a784a223bf9ff139667ef4bbd5aabf27647)

```go
for {
	select {
	case <-ctx.Done():
		...
	case blsAggServiceResp := <-agg.blsAggregationService.GetResponseChannel():
		agg.logger.Info("Received response from blsAggregationService", "blsAggServiceResp", blsAggServiceResp)
		agg.sendAggregatedResponseToContract(blsAggServiceResp)
	case <-ticker.C:
		err := agg.sendNewTask(big.NewInt(taskNum))
		taskNum++
		if err != nil {
			continue
		}
	}
}
```

The first case covers the context done error case. The second covers the case where a new aggregated response is received from the bls aggregation service. Remember that this happens when the operators responses to the tasks reach a threshold or the time of the task expires. In this case the [`sendAggregatedResponseToContract()` method](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/incredible-squaring-avs/blob/f8c379b151d8db778a12a5de1ba0266436d85366/aggregator/aggregator.go#L212-L254) is called. 

```go
func (agg *Aggregator) sendAggregatedResponseToContract(blsAggServiceResp blsagg.BlsAggregationServiceResponse) {
	...

> 	nonSignerPubkeys := []cstaskmanager.BN254G1Point{}

Reviewer: We can remove this code snippet, I think. It's too verbose, and the content is summarized right after.

Author: Done in [b6cf291](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/incredible-squaring-avs/pull/153/commits/b6cf291adde98e484b8f46cb6008d67671580423)

		Sigma:                        core.ConvertToBN254G1Point(blsAggServiceResp.SignersAggSigG1.G1Point),
		NonSignerQuorumBitmapIndices: blsAggServiceResp.NonSignerQuorumBitmapIndices,
		QuorumApkIndices:             blsAggServiceResp.QuorumApkIndices,
		TotalStakeIndices:            blsAggServiceResp.TotalStakeIndices,
		NonSignerStakeIndices:        blsAggServiceResp.NonSignerStakeIndices,
	}

	agg.tasksMu.RLock()
	task := agg.tasks[blsAggServiceResp.TaskIndex]
	agg.tasksMu.RUnlock()
	taskResponse, _ := blsAggServiceResp.TaskResponse.(cstaskmanager.IIncredibleSquaringTaskManagerTaskResponse)
	_, err := agg.avsWriter.SendAggregatedResponse(
		context.Background(),
		task,
		taskResponse,
		nonSignerStakesAndSignature,
	)
	if err != nil {
		agg.logger.Error("Aggregator failed to respond to task", "err", err)
	}
}
```

That method wraps the response into a more complex Task Manager type that encapsulates the response, and sends it with the completed to the on-chain Task Manager’s [`respondToTask` method](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/incredible-squaring-avs/blob/f8c379b151d8db778a12a5de1ba0266436d85366/contracts/src/IncredibleSquaringTaskManager.sol#L118-L122).

> That method makes several checks on the taskResponse, stores the responses metadata and emits a TaskResponded event, that will be catched by the challenger (see challenger section to continue).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That method wraps the response into a more complex Task Manager type that encapsulates the response, and sends it with the completed to the on-chain Task Manager’s [`respondToTask` method](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/incredible-squaring-avs/blob/f8c379b151d8db778a12a5de1ba0266436d85366/contracts/src/IncredibleSquaringTaskManager.sol#L118-L122).
This makes several checks on the taskResponse, stores the responses metadata and emits a TaskResponded event, that will be catched by the challenger (see challenger section to continue).
```

The third case of the main loop is the one which spawns new tasks every 10 seconds for the operators top complete, calling aggregator [`sendNewTask()` method](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/incredible-squaring-avs/blob/f8c379b151d8db778a12a5de1ba0266436d85366/aggregator/aggregator.go#L258-L297). There the aggregator calls the [`CreateNewTask()` method](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/incredible-squaring-avs/blob/f8c379b151d8db778a12a5de1ba0266436d85366/contracts/src/IncredibleSquaringTaskManager.sol#L99-L103) of the on-chain Task Manager contract, that stores a hash of the new task and emits a NewTaskCreated event, that will be catched by the challenger (see challenger section to continue). After that call to the Task Manager, the aggregator will initialize a new task in the bls aggregation service, where the operators will send their signed response to the created task.

### Challenger

The challenger code can be found on the [`/challenger` folder](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/incredible-squaring-avs/tree/dev/challenger).

> The main behavior of the challenger is to suscribe to the NewTaskCreated and TaskResponded events emitted by the on-chain Task Manager contract, and can be foun on [challenger.go](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/incredible-squaring-avs/blob/f8c379b151d8db778a12a5de1ba0266436d85366/challenger/challenger.go#L79-L117).

Reviewer: Let's mark code as such:

```suggestion
The main behavior of the challenger is to subscribe to the `NewTaskCreated` and `TaskResponded` events emitted by the on-chain `TaskManager` contract and can be found on [challenger.go](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/incredible-squaring-avs/blob/f8c379b151d8db778a12a5de1ba0266436d85366/challenger/challenger.go#L79-L117).
```

Author: Applied for all cases in [5b2b347](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/incredible-squaring-avs/pull/153/commits/5b2b3472519a005e9b3d9f6d8ce65a64f8c23904)

## Troubleshooting

## Structure Documentation
This AVS has three main participants:

> - Operator: The operator suscribes to NewTasks Events, and in case a new task ins created, completes the task, calculates the response, signs it and sends it to the bls aggregation service.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Operator: The operator suscribes to NewTasks Events, and in case a new task is created, completes the task, calculates the response, signs it and sends it to the bls aggregation service.
```

> - Aggregator: The one who creates new tasks for the operators (through the on chain Task Manager) every certain time, and collects responses from bls aggregation service (that happens if the operators responses reach a threshold or the time expires), that sends to the on chain Task Manager, who emits a TaskRespondedEvent.

Reviewer 2: I don't think the last part was clear. What do you think about this?

```suggestion
- Aggregator: The one who creates new tasks for the operators (through the on chain Task Manager) every certain time. It collects responses from the BLS aggregation service (this happens if the operators responses reach a threshold or the time expires) and sends them to the on-chain Task Manager, who then emits a TaskRespondedEvent..
```

Author: Took most of it for [7ea8a3c](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/incredible-squaring-avs/pull/153/commits/7ea8a3cb5ff714ab1fbb1de1d75e99f590fb3734)

After the ProcessNewTaskCreatedLog function, that response is signed (in `SignTaskResponse`), and sent to the bls aggregation service in the goroutine executing the function `SendSignedTaskResponseToAggregator()`. That function makes a call to the `ProcessSignedTaskResponse` method of aggregator (through rpc), that redirects the signed response to the bls aggregation service.

### Aggregator

The aggregator code can be found in `/aggregator` folder.

The main aggregator logic can be found on this loop:

```go
	for {
		select {
		case <-ctx.Done():
			...
		case blsAggServiceResp := <-agg.blsAggregationService.GetResponseChannel():
			agg.logger.Info("Received response from blsAggregationService", "blsAggServiceResp", blsAggServiceResp)
			agg.sendAggregatedResponseToContract(blsAggServiceResp)
		case <-ticker.C:
			err := agg.sendNewTask(big.NewInt(taskNum))
			taskNum++
			if err != nil {
				// we log the errors inside sendNewTask() so here we just continue to the next task
				continue
			}
		}
	}
```

> The first case covers the context done error case. The second one the case a new response is received from the bls aggregation service. In this case the `sendAggregatedResponseToContract()` method is called. 

Reviewer 2: The second one _covers_ the case ... ?

Author: Yes, improved in [c1aa6ee](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/incredible-squaring-avs/pull/153/commits/c1aa6ee59b574d8a6c49a6d9c3bbd2f897e7b88c)

### Challenger

The challenger code can be found on the `/challenger` folder.

The main behavior of the challenger is to suscribe to the NewTaskCreated and TaskResponded events emitted by the on chain Task manager contract.

```go
	for {
		select {
		case err := <-newTaskSub.Err():
			...

		case err := <-taskResponseSub.Err():
			...
		case newTaskCreatedLog := <-c.newTaskCreatedChan:
			...
			taskIndex := c.processNewTaskCreatedLog(newTaskCreatedLog)

			if _, found := c.taskResponses[taskIndex]; found {
				_ = c.callChallengeModule(taskIndex)
			}

		case taskResponseLog := <-c.taskResponseChan:
			...
			taskIndex := c.processTaskResponseLog(taskResponseLog)

			if _, found := c.tasks[taskIndex]; found {
				_ = c.callChallengeModule(taskIndex)
			}
		}
	}
```

> The first two cases are handle for errors in the subscribed event channels. The other two are the ones which listen to the event, processing the event, that in the NewTaskCreated means saving the created task for future events and in the TaskResponse generate and save the taskResponseData, that could be sent to the Task Manager in case of a challenge.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The first two cases handle errors in the subscribed event channels. The other two listen to events and process them. In the case of NewTaskCreated, it means saving the created task for future events. In the case of TaskResponse, it means generating and saving the taskResponseData, that could be sent to the Task Manager in case of a challenge.
```

> After the processing, the newTaskCreated case checks if there is a task response with that index, and the task response case checks if theres a initialized task with that index, and in both cases there is a call to the callChallengeModule method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After the processing, the newTaskCreated case checks if there is a task response with that index, and the TaskResponse case checks if theres a initialized task with that index, and in both cases there is a call to the callChallengeModule method.
```

	}
```

> The first case covers the context done error case. The second covers the case where a new response is received from the bls aggregation service.In this case the `sendAggregatedResponseToContract()` method is called. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The first case covers the context done error case. The second covers the case where a new response is received from the bls aggregation service. In this case the `sendAggregatedResponseToContract()` method is called. 
```

}
```

> That method wraps the response into a more complex Task Mnager type that encapsulates the response, and sends it with the completed to the on-chain Task Manager’s `respondToTask` method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
That method wraps the response into a more complex Task Manager type that encapsulates the response, and sends it with the completed to the on-chain Task Manager’s `respondToTask` method.
```
